About a year and a half has passed
since our last interview with Dr. Harvey Bigelsen,
and much has occurred in that time.
Since then, Harvey has made some discoveries
concerning the deadly Hepatits C.
His observations and clinical work is suggesting
that Hepatitis C is not necessarily contracted via IV's,
and other external contact,
instead, he is saying that the human body
actually creates Hepatitis C
as a result of traumatic inflammation, such as surgery.
Harvey also gives us a history of how the medical industry
we have today was originally conceived.
(gentle music)
Okay, Harvey, so we're picking it up
from a couple of years ago,
and you have made some incredible findings since then.
Let's start this entire interview out with talking about
homotoxicology because it seems like that's the beginning
of the path of everything else
you're going to be telling us.
Homotoxicology came up in the '30's and '40's
in Europe by a Professor Hans Reckeweg.
One of his associates that worked with him
was Otto Warburg.
Otto Warburg, the only man in history
to win two Nobel prizes in medicine.
Very few people have ever heard of him.
This has been stuff I've been studying
for about 25, 30 years.
It's a pattern of disease, there are six steps to disease,
according to homotoxicology.
I've been trying to prove this pattern.
Examples of that is, basically,
what homotoxicology says,
the body gets a noxious agent.
Well, the first thing it does, it tries to excrete it.
You have a diarrhea, you throw it up, whatever,
as your nose runs, that tries to come out.
Now, if the body can't excrete it,
it then creates an inflammation to heal it.
Very, very, very, very important.
If it can't heal it, the problem gets deposited,
gets impregnated into the tissue,
the tissue then starts to break down,
and the tissue dies.
Inflammation is the real key.
If you cut your leg, and I'm a surgeon, and I sew it up,
that just aligns it, it's the body healing it
by an inflammatory process.
So what's gone on, though, is inflammation a key?
So I'm trying to, with 25, 30 years,
trying to put that together, how are we proving that.
Well, what comes on in the past couple of years
is finally the proof to the pudding of what goes on.
I've been studying the blood, as you know, okay?
And in the blood you can see inflammation by the platelets.
You can actually see different things.
Platelets, were taught in medicine,
have to do with blood clotting.
However, we're never taught that platelets
have no animal DNA in them, it's a plant, okay?
A plant, now, and man have an instinct symbiosis.
What happens with the platelets as we get acutely ill
they become larger and more numerous.
Chronically ill, weaker and weaker.
There a major key to our immune system what's going on.
I could show you a picture of platelets,
very large platelets, and very small platelets,
different stage of disease,
but the medical standard will still count them as one.
The size of it, no one has ever looked at.
But by following the platelets you can see the inflammation.
Now, inflammation, again, the key.
So I've been following this for years and years.
But what goes on, now how can I prove that I'm right?
The key comes in about two years ago,
just almost right after our last interview
when a friend of my daughters calls me up,
and she just got a diagnosis of Hepatitis C.
30 year old gal, she is petrified.
Scripps wants to give her Interferon, chemotherapy,
they got her on a transplant list,
the woman is shook to the bones.
She comes up to see me, and I start to examine her,
and her blood is just a mess.
But low and behold,
and you can get the picture on the screen,
but the holograph blood may be a little too difficult.
That picture is an actual, shows a picture of an IUD.
This woman had an IUD, these intrauterine devices.
Now, the purpose of an IUD is to create an inflammation,
to swell the tissue so the egg can't implant.
She's been uncomfortable since she had the IUD in,
this is June, in January she had it put in,
we take the IUD out.
No other treatment was done,
a year later her viral load is down 70%.
Wow.
Amazing, 70%, not doing anything,
but just taking the IUD out.
Just taking the IUD out, wow.
Wow, I mean, this has to have implications
for millions upon millions of women.
That's what starts to totally shake me up.
First of all, I start to do more IUD studies
besides Hepatitis studies.
I now have five women with ovarian cancers that had IUD's.
One goes to her support group,
five out of the nine had IUD's.
Every woman that has had an IUD has had sequelling.
Some have had miscarriages afterwards,
they can't hold the baby afterwards.
My wife ended up with a bad hysterectomy
that was almost an emergency because of what it did to her.
These things just almost eat away at the system,
and then the inflammation leaches out,
the inflammation leaches out into the pelvis,
and they have problems with them.
I have IUD's, women with IUD's,
that have created blood diseases like leukemias.
Again, Hepatitis C, very common.
Most IUD ones have had chronic problems
even to the Lyme disease, I have several with that
depending on how bad the inflammation was.
Doctors are giving IUD's to create an inflammation.
Right, right.
Frightening.
Right, it is frightening.
At this point, is it fair to ask, okay,
that's scary for anyone who's just heard that
and has an IUD.
Other than taking them out,
is that all that needs to be done,
or can something be done?
What if you end up with ovarian cancer as a result
of the IUD?
Well, we've done,
ovarian cancer, number one cancer's
not one cell that goes wild.
We've talked about that before.
It's a bowl.
What goes on in ovarian cancer is
the whole lower pelvic area,
and the uterus, gets really inflamed, gets congested.
That backs up through the tubes,
which drop into the peritoneum,
and ovarian cancer starts its seeds throughout the belly.
And that's what it is, it's the bowl,
the whole belly area.
And when that gets overwhelmed
it finally starts to spread in different ways.
But ovarian cancer, I'm convinced,
which by the way is one of the cancers on the rise now.
Okay.
Okay?
I'm convinced it has to do with what's gone on
and put into women's pelvises.
Okay, let's extend it from there
while we're on this subject, what about tampons?
I think all of that.
Women, for the first time in history,
their lifespans are going down.
Most women over the age of 51, half now,
are getting hysterectomies.
C-sections, probably up to 50% of women
have gone through C-sections.
In the 1960's, women wanted all their equal rights
and freedoms, so men ran the system and said,
"Great, we'll give them the pill, we'll give them the IUD,
"we'll cut their tubes, we'll give them the abortion."
Because the man didn't want to wear the condom, okay?
Right.
I tell my patients,
"If the guy doesn't want to wear a condom,
"get rid of him, 'cause 100 others will line up
"around the corner wanting to wear one."
Right, there you go,
some good, practical advice on all of us.
That's just basic and simple.
Absolutely.
Don't mess with Mother Nature.
The tampons are causing a congestion.
HPV, Human Papillomavirus is skyrocketing.
I've now got several people where they come in,
they have a problem and they go in and get a pap smear,
they have problems with the cervix.
Cervical cancer's rare, but they're all pre-cancerous.
They then do something to the cervix.
I now have several people with Hepatitis C's
after cauterizing the cervix.
After cauterizing, after the procedure
cauterizing the cervix?
Right.
Right, cervix is very inflammatory.
The surface, or the opening of any tissue,
you break the surface or the opening of any tissue,
inflammation happens very fast.
The cervix, you start to mess around with that,
a lot of sequelling can go on over there.
Doctors say, "No big deal."
But now, the conventional wisdom has been
this is something you catch through,
whether usually a transfusion or something, the Hepatitis C,
so you're saying this is not the case.
Tell us how this happens.
Well, number one, it's never been proven.
Years ago when I went to medical school,
we used to have what's called Koch's postulates.
The only way to prove--
Say that again.
Koch's postulates, K-O-C-H postulates.
Okay.
What it is, you had laws on it.
You had to find, to prove a germ-caused disease,
you had to find the germ in every patient.
You then had to be able to isolate the germ,
and grow it in an aug jar, a petri plate, or something.
And then you take that germ and you have to
transfer the disease to a laboratory animal.
They stopped doing that.
Now all they do is do an antibody test.
Well, what does that really mean?
What does that really mean?
How does this, I got one patient, which is a great case,
she came in in January,
bad Hepatitis C, okay?
Again, on a transplant list.
1974, violently raped, beaten up,
transfusions in the hospital, okay?
That really started it.
She came in, in January her viral load
was 12 and a half million.
Her viral load is now over 400,000 only.
Wow, huge.
No treatment on the virus.
Not one antiviral treatment, okay?
How can medical science explain the viral loads
decreasing in my patients
without doing any antiviral treatments?
And, they don't have any treatments
that will lower a viral load.
They just wait for you to get the transplant.
Well Hepatitis C is sort of,
there's a death warrant on that one.
Totally, totally.
But that's not your experience?
No, I've now got six patients,
and every single one of them is getting better.
Every single one of them, the viral load is dropping,
and every single one of them
the lab tests are getting better.
It is a massive, rapid inflammation.
What I think that goes on,
the inflammation is so strong and so hard at the beginning
it almost burns the protein in liver.
Okay.
I think the liver RNA Protein actually gets burnt
and becomes quote, the Hepatitis C virus.
Oh, interesting.
Danny Kaye says--
So the burnt protein becomes
the Hepatitis C?
Actually.
RNA Protein is just pieces of protein
that are stuck together.
Well, in the body, those little guys that move in the blood?
They're just pieces of protein,
they can form RNA and DNA chains.
What you've got in Hepatitis C,
it's an RNA Protein, you know, that's what it is.
Once that happened in the liver protein chains,
that's why we have that protein.
Was that liver protein so burnt
that it just sort of morphed, and the molecule changed,
and now it's a virus?
Well now let's talk about
not just the incidents we've already spoken of,
and IUD's and so forth, and brutal rapes,
but what are other means which could cause
that kind of effect in the other situations?
I have a guy that lives in a ski country,
20 some odd years, 30 years ago, he goes off a cliff
on a toboggan, crashes down, unconscious,
brought into the hospital.
But he's got some tears of blood vessels in his chest,
so they go, it's called the hemothorax,
they put a tube in to drain the blood,
and they give him a transfusion, he gets Hepatitis C.
They say it's from the transfusion.
No, it was from the tearing in the blood vessels
and the inflammation.
He's getting better rapidly.
I've now got several cases of pilonidal cysts.
A pilonidal cyst is a little cyst at the base of the spine.
Now what happens is, we know a hair lip
is an incomplete closure up in the mouth.
Well a pilonidal cyst is the spinal cord column
and the bones don't close completely,
and you get a microhole.
Okay.
The fluid leaks out of that.
When they go after an infected cyst,
they stir up the pus and put it right back
into the cerebral spinal fluid.
I have one guy, six months afterwards,
starts to get weak.
He's now got total paralysis.
He's a quadriplegic and muscular dystrophy.
His whole spinal cord melted away.
I have a relative of mine who is probably
one of the cleanest people you will ever meet.
A major chiropractic man,
a big shot in the association and everything.
Has a pilonidal cyst surgery, six months later,
positive Hepatitis C.
This guy would never touch anything, okay?
Pilonidal cyst surgeries,
I have two Hepatitis C from that.
I have one leukemia from that,
and another lymphoma from that.
That's another one, blood diseases.
I have blood diseases from pilonidal cysts.
I've got lists over there of people
that are due bunion surgery.
I got two people with bunion surgery
that get leukemias.
And you treat the bunion,
the blood count starts to change.
Surgery, the more surgeries involving wet tissue,
the more inflammation there is, okay?
And bunions, there are a lot of tendons in the feet,
and stuff like that, as soon as they do that,
massive inflammation.
They blow off surgery, no big deal.
Doctors today, what's going on with doctors today,
is they're doing more surgeries ever in history,
because the only way a doctor can make money now,
with insurances the way they are, is to do surgery.
Okay, yeah, it's obvious--
It's, I mean,
I was on a plane recently,
Criminal.
and there on the plane, you look at a magazine,
and the top ten doctors in New York City.
The top one does hair transplants,
the next one liposuction, the next one botox,
this is not healthcare, folks.
This is barbaric cosmetology.
Yes.
The nerve and the arrogance of the system
to say we can make God's creation better
by doing this and doing that to it.
And whether you believe in God, or evolution,
this is a wonderful creation.
Millions of people are buying into it
and having all these elective surgeries, you know?
Whether you need your eyebrows heightened,
or the fat sucked off of your rear end, or whatever.
The reason they're doing those is they can't make money
and they're failures at everything else.
And now they're taken out appendixes just willy-nilly.
"While we're there we'll take out the uterus,
"while we're there we'll take out the gallbladder,
"you don't need these things."
Well, if you didn't need the gallbladder
the Creator wouldn't have put it in there.
How pompous and arrogant are you?
And it's since 1910 that traditional medicine
has taken over.
Do you know they haven't found the cause
of one chronic disease since 1910,
nor the cure of one chronic disease?
What makes them the experts?
Exactly.
Let's go back a bit again to the liver,
and how the cycle works.
So you have a surgery, you have inflammation in the body.
How does that trigger this burning
of the RNA Protein in the liver?
Do you have any idea how that happens?
That's my theoretical thing,
'cause first, what is inflammation?
It's fire.
Fire, yeah.
Okay, in acupuncture philosophy
we have five elements, fire, air, water, earth, and wood.
Well fire, whatever it is, that body's on fire, okay?
So something happened, but it was an acute, heavy hit.
The inflammation of a Hepatitis C is a heavy fire.
Hepatitis A, mild surgery, mild injury,
may cause a Hepatitis A, it doesn't give you much symptoms.
But it's the bigger ones, the really intense hits.
The bigger traumas and such.
Right, right, and it's usually,
you can almost tell it from the case, by the history,
six months to a year before they were diagnosed
you can almost find that trauma right on the history.
So, the example you gave of the women with IUD's,
and the one in particular, your daughter's friend,
she took the IUD out, immediately her blood starts clearing.
Right.
Okay, how are the others getting reversals
of this that you're talking about?
You said you're having no problem working
with people with Hepatitis C.
First you got to find where the inflammation is.
If it's a surgery, like a pilonidal cyst,
you go treat the surgical area and start to neutralize it.
If it's an IUD, you gotta go treat that,
that's called neural therapy,
there's ways you actually gotta go in to the tissue
and start, again, you gotta treat it like a car.
You just can't pray on it,
you got to physically change some of
that structure of the tissue.
What we have is, we have electrical flows and fluid flows
that are going through the entire body.
To me, the greatest American physician of all time
was the founder of Osteopathy, Andrew Taylor Still,
who stated, "Disease cannot exist
"when there are no obstructions."
In the obstruction, you got a stagnant pond,
in the stagnant pond, everything grows.
Find the obstruction.
Most commonly it's a surgical area.
Nothing goes through the surgery.
The whole body expands and contracts like a water balloon.
Surgeries tie it up, and tie it into knots.
As soon as you release the surgical area,
the body can open up the circulation,
and get at the area that's been knotted up.
And even if it's just something like
surgery on the shoulder, it doesn't have to be a cesarean,
or anything that dramatic.
Even something small like that?
Joint surgery is very inflammatory.
I said the wet tissue.
Yes.
You're gonna watch these baby boomers
go through knee surgeries, and hip surgeries,
'cause all it is jogging, which is crazy.
And as they did that,
I have a gal there who's a Christian Scientist,
90 years old, very athletic, okay?
Knee surgery, Hepatitis C.
Never taken a drug in 90 years, okay?
Surgeries can be very inflammatory.
Every person that's had a knee surgery,
the knee may feel better, but the body's weaker
because of what's gone on.
As soon as you treat the knee surgery
you start to see, "Do I feel that much better?"
Yes, as soon as you start to clear up the inflammation.
But clearing the inflammation
is not necessarily readily available in the way
in which you do it.
No.
See, that's our problem here.
It's great that this has been identified.
What do you see down the road in terms of
other people expanding into this knowledge base
that you have and offering these therapies
that will actually medicate this.
Well there's two things.
First thing I want to do is stop people,
start to question this doctor, this expert,
who hasn't fixed a thing in a hundred years.
Yeah.
You're being brainwashed, and you gotta do this,
you gotta do that.
Orthodontia, I mean, they're cutting our teeth,
they're throwing teeth away 'cause they say
the Creator put too many teeth in your mouth
when you're a little child and--
And what kind of problems does this cause?
Oh, it collapses the whole cranial mechanism,
it just shuts everything down, you know?
This cranial osteopathy,
the tailbone moves about a millimeter,
eight to 10 times a minute.
You got waves of cerebral spinal fluid are coming
up and down the spinal canal,
and there's 22 bones that make up the skull
that are actually hinged and moving.
As soon as you cut the mouth down
and pull those teeth out,
you collapse the base of the skull.
My friend, my dental friend says,
"You collapse the base to the temple,
"and now the brain is working on five
"out of eight cylinders."
And you see these people just walking around
like deers in headlights.
And a lot of people have this done
with their kids in order to get this perfect mouth.
This is the new thing.
Everyone is doing that, putting the kids on botox,
cutting the kids on their mouth.
The United States is the only dental country
that takes the teeth out.
If braces can straighten the teeth out,
like my dear friend in Canada,
he uses braces to expand the mouth,
and the crowded mouth all of a sudden opens up
and the teeth come in straight.
Well that makes more sense.
It totally makes more sense.
The concept of throwing away stuff
that we were created with is crazy.
So have there been any studies or links
between the removal of teeth and say, if not IQ,
but functionality any way of kids?
Not yet at the moment.
This is the things that I want to do.
I find about almost 30% of my Lyme disease
have had orthodontia with braces.
Oh, let's get into Lyme disease then.
Okay.
Okay, there's one start.
Go ahead and talk about that.
Lyme disease is a phenomenon more
in the past two decades.
And what's going on is because there are so many more
elective surgeries, okay?
There are minor elective surgeries.
Let's straighten the teeth out, okay?
While we're there, let's do this,
you don't need your appendix, we don't need the uterus,
let's do this little cosmetic surgery.
I have a list over there from dental surgeries,
to vasectomies, which are elective, to IUD's,
to hysterectomies, auto accidents, carpal tunnel surgeries,
all of these have weakened the body.
You cannot cut the body and expect it to get better.
It's weakened the body,
and the germ just grows in the weakened body.
And the more surgeries you have,
the more weakened bodies we have,
and the United States is now the capital
of Lyme disease in the world.
Now let's talk about Lyme disease.
Conventional wisdom, you go out for a nice little hike
in the woods, a tick gets ya, and you have Lyme disease.
Well, only about 50 to 70% of the Lyme disease people
even remember a tick.
They're blaming it on a tick.
We like to blame everything on something else.
Right, right. (laughing)
You know, Hepatitis C is from the transfusion,
this is from a tick.
Our emotions never have to do anything.
You accidentally got cancer, you accidentally got an ulcer.
No, there is no accidents in nature.
There's a law and order to nature.
But according to American medicine,
cancer's one cell that goes wild, for no reason.
Grows into a tumor, which erodes into a blood vessel,
cells break off and they scatter around,
and that's called matastities.
Totally wrong.
For example, prostate cancer only goes to the bones.
It'll go to 100 spots in the bones
before it goes anyplace else.
Their theories are random.
There's no randomness in nature,
randomness in nature is arrogance.
Yes, yes, absolutely.
It's total arrogance, the nerve of you.
Yes, they don't understand consciousness
at the base of all things.
Yeah, you don't understand harmony
with man and nature.
You don't respect this body that you're cutting it up
and throwing it away?
And then blaming it on someone else or something else.
So talk about the symptoms of Lyme disease.
Let's get into it and find out where some of the other
cases of Lyme disease have popped up.
Well, the beauty of Lyme disease is
there's 1,000 patients who have 1,000 different symptoms.
It's totally--
Is it one of those kind of garbage diagnosis?
If you have surgery in your belly,
your symptoms will be in the abdomen.
If you have surgery up in your shoulder,
your symptoms will be up there.
Depending on where your--
And what are the symptoms of Lyme disease?
Well most of them have chronic pain.
If I cut your nerves you're gonna have pain down there.
Most of them have fatigue.
So these pains are wandering,
no one knows where the pain's coming from.
They're fatigued because now they're only working
on five out of eight cylinders.
So you're saying it's not a pathogen
of some kind.
No.
So how do they even come up with this diagnosis?
Um, I don't know, to tell you honestly.
You look on the internet showing
all these spirochetes in the blood?
That's a lot of bologna.
I can show you the lies in the blood.
How do they come up with, and a lot of the internet,
all this stuff travels around the internet,
and some people guess and make up stories.
All I can tell you, germ theory disease doesn't work,
and now on these diseases, Lyme disease, Hepatitis C,
I've now got leukemias and lymphomas
that we're reversing, okay?
Those blood diseases we're reversing.
And it's by the same methods?
Same method.
Again, and you're saying this is as a result
of trauma and scarring from the surgery and so forth?
Totally, from bunion, again, coming back to the chart,
inflammation's the key, it's trapped inflammation.
All chronic disease starts with trapped inflammation.
Yeah.
I had patients actually go get human stem cells,
you gotta get them out of the country.
The theory is stem cells go to the inflamed area to heal it.
No, they go to the weakened area
and create the inflammation to heal it.
Inflammation's the way the body heals,
trapped inflammation deteriorates.
Uh-huh. Let's talk about cholesterol.
You and I talked about this off camera a bit.
Kind of moving on to that whole myth.
This is a big one, really.
This is a classic example of the lies
of the establishment.
And I call it the oh welling and brainwashing
needs to happen.
First of all, about two months ago, it was a two year study.
The Metropolitan Diet, the Atkins Diet,
and the Heart Association Diet.
I knew Bob Atkins, he was brilliant.
He was right on the money.
His diet proved, it was the longest diet study ever,
the most controlled diet study ever.
His diet beat the American Heart Association
in cholesterols, weight loss, every parameter there was.
Within 24 hours everyone was still advertising
lean foods on TV again, okay?
And yet the fatty foods, so Atkins proved right.
But what cholesterol is, let's talk about cholesterol.
Cholesterol is the, oh, it's the big evil right now, okay?
Everyone is against cholesterol.
Oh yeah, you can tell by watching the ads on TV.
Lipitor and so forth.
First of all, they've now shown Lipitor and Vytorin,
after five years of study,
have not helped one heart case yet.
Okay, I didn't mean to interrupt you,
but yes, let's go through all of that.
Why are they still promoting it when they're showing
it has not helped heart disease, okay?
What cholesterol is, when I went to medical school,
the normal cholesterol was 180 to 240.
Now they say it's under 200,
and the lower they get the better,
because cholesterol is just evil.
No.
First of all, the body, inflammation's the key.
What goes on in the blood vessels,
there's two keys to all vessel disease.
It is the cholesterol, they say,
and the C-reactive protein, or the inflammation.
When there's a lot of inflammation,
the blood vessels get very inflamed and irritated,
cholesterol's the body's own putty,
and their own steroids to calm the inflammation
and smooth it down, okay?
It's produced by the adrenal gland.
It is our body's major protector for our nerves,
and our brains, okay?
So when you take away the cholesterol,
the inflammation goes higher, heart disease becomes worse.
If you lower the inflammation, the C-reactive protein,
cholesterol will just come down normally
because it doesn't have to be that high,
and heart disease changes around,
and I've got a number of cases on that.
Cholesterol is, first of all, number one,
it's the brain's most important substance.
I had a case recently, they called me up in Chicago,
that he had, he goes to his doctor for his routine checkup
at the age of 50, he's got a 229 cholesterol,
the doctor puts him on Lipitor.
Now I run a 280 cholesterol, okay?
Most people that are very bright run 280 to 300.
The brain is very, very active and doesn't sit still.
Very rich in cholesterol, yes, it needs it.
Very rich in cholesterol.
Well, he comes three years later to the doctor,
and the guy's got now an 82 cholesterol,
the doctor says, "That's great."
Now he's got a fatal disease called amyloidosis.
Okay, now how's that linked?
Well, type in amyloid and cholesterol into the internet.
A-M-Y-L-O-I-D?
A-M-Y
L-O-I-D, it's a protein,
and what happens is, as the cholesterol lowers,
amyloid increases, and the brain becomes like jelly.
Our nerves start to deteriorate,
they become more amyloid inflammation,
now you look at the cholesterol,
the Lipitor advertisements, a rare and unusual side effect
is this strange muscular pain.
No, it's your nerves dying and the muscle's starting to rot
because your cholesterol's too low,
and the nerves are not feeding the tissue.
Cholesterol, even the studies, have proven it wrong,
but yet it's a multi-billion dollar thing,
and everyone, they're now talking about,
the American Academy of Pediatrics wants to put
six year old children on it.
(Regina laughing)
On Statins right now, on Lipitor now, okay?
They also want to put them on mood elevators
at the age of two.
This is criminal.
It's so criminal what's going on out there,
and insurances will only pay for doctors to do that,
and everyone's gotta take their kid to a doctor
to get all of these things done,
or else they're a bad parent.
Well, like one of the doctors we interviewed,
they said they have about five to six calls a day
from drug reps, and the idea is really simple.
You get people on drugs from the cradle to the grave,
that's the only agenda.
However you can do it, but get 'em on from cradle to grave.
That's sick.
It's the only,
It's the only agenda.
And you know how the drug system started?
The pharmaceutical system?
It's a great, great story.
In 1910, John Rockefeller gets together
with Andrew Carnegie, where should they put their fortunes?
They decide to put it into pharmaceutical medicine
'cause that's the future.
43% of the medical schools at that time are homeopathic.
By the mid-1940's, Flower 5th Avenue New York
loses its charter, becomes allopathic.
So does Hahnemann Medical School in Philadelphia.
Hahnemann?
Hahnemann is totally now allopathic.
That's the famous homeopathic school.
Samuel Hahnemann's the founder of homeopathy,
is now an allopathic school.
John Rockefeller, who started the whole ball game,
dies at the age of 94, never taken a drug in his mouth,
and a homeopathic physician in attendance.
Amazing.
He makes his fortune from standard oil,
and then pharmaceutical industry,
and doesn't touch it himself.
Does that tell you something?
Yes, it speaks volumes.
Okay, and what we got right now, in medicine,
coming back to originally on Hepatitis C
and the germ theory disease is actually picked up
by the system for a reason.
In the 1880's, Pasteur comes up with a germ theory disease.
His rival, Bechamp, says, "Germs don't cause disease,
"they live in a diseased train."
The germ theory's picked up because if you have
the germ theory disease,
you can have the magic bullet philosophy of therapy.
Right.
Now, watch every commercial.
You have ADD, you have ED, you have PTSD--
What's that, restless leg syndrome.
Rest, I have restless leg syndrome,
I have restless body syndrome,
I have restless mind syndrome.
(both laughing)
But they--
Ants in your pants syndrome.
And what, erectile dysfunction came out,
they started purposely changing it to initials,
'cause you couldn't say ED anymore.
You couldn't say erectile,
so now everything's got an initial.
Yeah.
And if it's got an initial,
you now have the drug of choice.
Yes.
And if you watch the TV,
they're not allowed to use the word cure.
They will always say this drug treats it,
they can't use the word cure because since they've never
cured a thing in 100 years, if a doctor uses the word cure,
they will take his license away.
I once had charges against me that I brought,
I cured a person with an illegal means.
The head of the medical board stated,
"We do not care if your patients are getting
"better or worse, only if you're doing the work
"in our way scientifically."
Die in our hands, but don't you dare get better
in a way we don't know.
And tell us about that, what happened?
Well, I ended up with that one, that was,
they couldn't figure out what I did.
That was the one that they eventually censured me,
put me on lifetime probation for illegible handwriting.
For illegible handwriting.
It cost me $25,000--
You and every other doctor out there
should be on permanent probation then.
That's what the judge said.
But what actually happened?
What was the case?
The case was actually a woman that comes in to me,
that had a severe eye problem,
and I'm an opthalmologist by trade.
This opthalmologist had been treating this guy
for four months, this woman, for four months with no help.
I figured out from my blood it was a kidney problem,
in the back of the eye there was a problem,
as to why it manifested there,
there was many different reasons.
I did what's called neural therapy,
I injected her in back of the eye.
Within 24 hours that eye was about 90% cleared up.
I sent back to the opthalmologist,
and the opthalmologist then went crazy,
and wrote a complaint in
that I messed around with his patient.
Now he hadn't cured the case, but I fixed that case,
it actually took 48 hours to completely fix that case.
But again--
And you paid for it.
I got censured, lifetime probation, and not only that,
because I was then put into a computer mill,
and two states lifted my license for that.
Two other states lifted my license
for curing a person illegally.
Yeah, isn't that amazing.
I mean, the system is do it our way, that's it,
and it's all drugs, drugs, drugs, or surgery,
and they haven't cured a thing in 100 years.
And what's gone on now in medical school?
If someone was on one pill, that's a lot.
Now the average person's on four and a half medications.
I have one patient on high blood pressure
and low blood pressure medicine,
who's got a cardiologist.
(Regina laughing)
It's all, and it's all the pharmacy salesmen.
It just like the lobbyists.
Yeah, it's the same, it's the same,
it's a very corrupt industry,
and I think almost everybody watching this
is well aware of the corruption that exists there.
In fact, I wrote the only law in the United States
to break the monopoly.
I wrote the Arizona Homeopathic Medical Practice Act.
And the way I wrote the law,
I did it the American way.
I formed a political action committee,
and I gave money to every legislator.
I went from the Republican fundraising party
to the Democratic fundraising party,
there were 60 legislators, I gave them all a check.
That's how you get things done around here.
That's the American way to get things done.
I got face to face with the system, and paid them off.
And that's what's done with the pharmaceutical industry,
that's what's done with the lobbyists,
that's what's done in Washington,
it's the whole ball game.
It's all industry brainwashing, brainwashing,
brainwashing where ever you go.
At least you were wise enough, smart enough,
to play the game in the way they play it.
Yeah, that's.
Someone in here?
Yeah, someone just came back.
The real key is, though, it's the brainwashing.
You look at, everything's cholesterol now.
Yes, I was going to ask you on that.
Okay, so you have someone who is considerably,
say overweight, or, for whatever reason,
they've got genuinely clogged up arteries.
How do you avoid that to begin with?
Rather than some of the suggestions
that are being given today
with this whole lean cuisine thing?
Well first of all, lean cuisine, this whole ball game,
recently I was--
And I don't mean that, by the way, as a brand.
No, that's not Lean Cuisine brand.
I like what Deepak Chopra says,
He says, basically, if it's got a label on it,
it's in a can, it's not human food.
Right.
Okay, what we have in the United States,
recently I was on vacation in San Francisco,
and because of the dollar situation,
many, many, many European tourists.
There were no fat people.
It was Americans that were fat people.
They know how to cook, they eat,
healthy, fresh food.
They eat
fresh foods.
They eat fresh foods.
Go into a supermarket, go into a Safeway,
and you see this person, 300 pounds, pushing a cart,
90% of the packaged foods.
Read the labels on the packaged foods.
The Americans are the fattest people in the world.
It's because of all the chemicals we're eating,
which is acupuncture philosophy is earth,
so how does the body try to get rid of earth,
it pipes in water and water,
and all these people are bloated and huge
trying to wash out the chemical crap that they've ingested.
Europeans, they get their food fresh every day,
they eat their food fresh every day.
We go to McDonalds, we go and get packaged food,
we inhale it.
A frozen dinner, okay?
That's all chemicals, that's what's causing much of it.
Americans, their diet is unbelievable.
I eat, look at my size.
I am a double libran, I love food, watch me eat, okay?
But I see you have little cans of nuts here,
and all natural things.
I eat only, there are no chemicals in my body.
I eat fresh foods, I shop at co-ops, okay?
We have farms out here,
I grow some of my own vegetables.
I get free range animals.
I keep every label out of my food, and it's that simple,
it's not hard to do, you know.
And in fact I've noticed one big change,
I go back and forth to Britain fairly often
because Scott is British, and a change that I saw,
I had been away for several years,
and went back a few years ago.
The change that I saw in the population
was just astronomical, in the obesity.
And again, you go now, and the same American corporations
have the same large chains of grocery stores,
the same kind of large wholesale type suppliers,
the shopping carts are looking like
the American shopping carts, and the obesity followed.
They've had huge campaigns regarding the obesity.
Same thing in Australia now.
So we're starting to see where ever that kind of
branded lifestyle goes, the obesity,
and then morbid obesity, and the lack of health follows.
And it's all the system's brainwashing.
Lean this, no cholesterol that.
Leave it the way nature created it.
They have so interrupted nature,
and they've so chemicalized us, and cut us apart.
The United States, we used to be the top country
in the world.
We are mediocre in everything, in everything.
And it's because of the system.
We're creating mediocre people.
Our education system is now down to mediocre
because no one can even get it anymore.
Our minds are becoming mediocre.
This has become in generation after generation
we are getting weaker and weaker civilization.
That's why we're falling apart.
We are so controlled by the chemical industries.
Always remember, it's the petrol chemical.
One leads to the other, that's it also,
we all know what the oil conspiracies are, okay?
No one believes that pharmaceutical system
it is absolutely a horror.
And now, what I've proven, which the reason I wanted
this thing, the book will be out next year,
all these elective surgeries.
Right.
That's killing people.
Face-lifts, how barbaric can you get, okay?
And botox, they're giving it to kids now
to prevent wrinkles.
It's making freaks out of human beings,
and this is called medicine.
This is called medicine today, okay?
So, you know, it's one reason I had to tell you,
this is, the turnaround of Hepatitis C.
Yeah, it's very interesting.
And I will wager my statistics with anyone else around,
and you give me any Hepatitis C case, you look at them,
and any one that's listing with Hepatitis C,
what went on in your life six months,
two years beforehand?
What trauma went on, what physical trauma?
And I'll bet 95% come up, "Oh my God, that did it."
Your phone may be jingling pretty soon.
That's one of the reasons, because Hepatitis C,
is people are lepers, okay?
People are afraid to touch them, okay?
Even their husbands and wives, or whatever it is,
they're not allowed to have sex, they can't touch them.
They're treated that way,
and everyone's afraid to die.
No, we are changing that around.
You change that inflammation, we are fixing those people.
I'll state straightforward, curing them, okay?
That's what, the news I wanted to get out, badly.
If you're intrigued by Harvey's take
on healing and medicine,
much of what he has to say is validated in our interviews
with Dr. Lorraine Day,
so you might want to check those out as well.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(gentle music)